date: September 30, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: [<cpark22>]
excused_absences: [ {ubit: <cpark22>, reason: sick}]
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: set up layout for spinner, starting code for each page a seperate activity.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: worked on single class that holds all information from a recipe such that any other activity can request, access, and modify long-term memory; specifically, testing this class.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: .},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: Finished recipe info.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # 