date: September 14, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>]
absent: [<vanhoose>]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, reason: Son is sick, sent message ahead of time.}
  ]
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: connected to repo, added xml layout file.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: },
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: connected to repo},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: set up repo on GitHub, added collaborators.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Planning to film video
  # look into rest api for connecting to database