date: November 14, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: preview of previously entered items/steps mostly set up, minor bug of showing repeat steps/items.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: Set up the initializer class to create a blank file for "favorites.txt, unctions to send and retrieve data.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: working on seach bar functionality.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: recipe delete buttons created/work.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Figured out color scheme, possible holiday theme
  # Talked about logo ideas
