date: September 21, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: started on xml layouts for recipe walkthrough.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: looked at different database types.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: worked on design for shopping list.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: redesigned the overall UI layout. }
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # 