date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <vanhoose>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: learned how to use Android Studio, set up sample GUI pages.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: learned how to use Android Studio, set up sample GUI pages.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: learned how to use Android Studio, set up sample GUI pages.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: learned how to use Android Studio, set up sample GUI pages.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Planning to monetize product. 
  # Need to talk to TA/Prof about setting up private GitHub and how to share for grading.