date: September 19, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: created video for sprint 1, will work on recipe walkthrough.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: connected to repo, created video for sprint 1, will work on database.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: created video for sprint 1, will work on shopping list.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: created video for sprint 1, will work on cooking walkthrough.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Assigned tasks to complete for sprint 2
  # Set up issue tracker on GitHub
  # Will work on button functionality moving fragment to fragment until database is complete
  # Added new branches to work