
date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ubit: <cnzytari>, reason: sick]
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: Clear input boxes and spinners when things are added to recipes.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: Fixed some things in the initializer, added recipes},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: Fixed some things in shopping list.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: Cleaned up recipe info.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes: | #discussed task 4 tasks and how to go about completing them
