date: October 3, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: finished code for each page a seperate activity, updeated xml layout, finished button functionality.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: database nearly done, can read and parse into correct data types.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: drop down button for recipe in shopping list, edited layout.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: Done with recipe info, submitted review request to dev branch to be checked over by other group members.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # plan to create video friday
  # try to merge thursday or before 3pm friday, request has to be approved by 1 other member
  # slight bug not adding Procedure components in the correct order to memory
  
