date: October 3, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress:  merged into dev, still need to set up spinner/drop down options},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: database nearly done added parsing, still working.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: updated from  dev branch, still working.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: merged with dev branch, working on cooking walkthrough.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # 