date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: merged to dev, helped create video, working on clearing out fill-ins once user has added to recipe.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: merged to dev, helped create video, working on bugs in long_term_memory code.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress:  merged to dev, helped create video.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: merged to dev, merged dev to master, helped create video.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
 ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Need to work on bugs in reading files from memory to showing in recipe
  # Added ideas of what to work on under projects on github