date: September 26, 2016
meeting_type: instructor
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: redesigned walktrough with new layout, added in allergen page.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: worked on database.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: working on shopping list.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: created guidline for other members on new activity layout and set up button that opens from recipe to cooking.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Consider using SQL lite for database
  # Share functinslity, probably use server (Set up Sprint 3-4)
  # Recipt reader- either read text off of bill or the scan code at the bottom (Sprint 4 pssibly)
  