date: September 28, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: finished xml layouts, added allergy info and began to set up buttons.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: database can retrive files from long term local meomory, write/read back string.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: shopping list xml files.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: set up button functionality, added favorites tab. }
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # add edit button/or review of recipe creation before creating recipe
  # work on cooking walkthrough 
  # make sure to add new activites to Android Manifest
