date: October 26, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cnzytari>, <cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress:  set up temp interfaces, used temp to save to memory.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: Still debugging database, pushed changes to dev branch.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress:  applied the interfaces, saving to memory.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: implemented some of the interfaces.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
 ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  # Still need to implement all the interfaces
  # Debug code to make sure it works