date: October 3, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<cpark22>, <shawndur>, <vanhoose>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ubit: <cnzytari>, reason: sick grandmother]
task_progress:[
  {ubit: <cnzytari>, progress: finished recipe add frontend.},
  {ubit: <vanhoose>, progress: finished database added to dev.},
  {ubit: <cpark22>, progress: finished recipe list frontend.},
  {ubit: <shawndur>, progress: finished recipe walkthrough.}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  #planned for sprint 3, sprint 3 will be focused on bringing together the back and frontend
  #assigned basic tasks
  
